I didn't know what to wear to my best friend's funeral.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
Sometimes, books and movies made her feel things she couldn't explain.
My bandaid wasn't sticky anymore so it fell off on the way to school.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
Her parents had been separated for almost three years, but she never expected them to actually go through with the divorce.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
When one considers the issue from a different perspective, the answer seems to change.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
You can always find baked goods somewhere in my pantry.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
They sold shampoo and conditioner, but no plain soap.
She got a discount to buy the stickers online.
Once you master cooking, you’ll start tweaking popular recipes, and that’s when it becomes even more fun.
Checking things off the list is the best feeling.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
She fell off the bull two seconds after she got on.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
She couldn't find the basket she was looking for.
What he likes best is being around his friends.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
She sells Christmas trees.
Going to a bar is a fun thing to do.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
They will be here shortly.
The caffeine was making her jittery.
If you go there, you will find him.
It’s time to watch TV.
They are still edible.
I didn’t want to take a side in the argument.
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
Get your act together.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
You'll move more than before.
He was president from 2008 to 2016.
The window looks out on a garden.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
Looking back, I know it was the right decision.
It is going to happen on Friday.
You must be happy.
I need to clean my room.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
You have a big house.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
She had a big scar on her knee from falling off her bike as a kid.
They may come in handy one day.
A wet road is usually slippery.
She wanted to get gastric bypass surgery, but her insurance wouldn't cover it.
Imagine I am deciding if I like some new, heretofore untasted food.
He earned his PhD in physics at the age of 89.
In Australia, there is a store called PieFace which sells meat pies with smiley faces on them.
Don't go there.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
Watch out, there's quicksand.
She likes to play soccer.
I will open the door.
I will have a baby in the near future.
That was the president on the phone.
Well, that's a big surprise.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
You have a beautiful home.
I started drinking when I was sixteen, but I'm European.
I wish I had never gone surfing that day.
The professor marked down one point for every use of the word 'interesting' in a paper.
I won’t believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
She always worried that sings would embarrass themselves, because if she was in front of a crowd she would always be worried about embarrassing herself.
I don't want to drink alcohol.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
The wind was so strong it swept her hat right away.
I don't think I liked the movie.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
I'm always on time.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
Historical sites are awesome to walk through.
I love bacon, eggs, and orange juice for breakfast.
Big Brother is watching.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
My biggest problem is deciding what to do next.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
There are eggs in the nest.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
He’s as proud as a peacock.
You'd better look before you jump.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
Somebody help me.
Go sit on the roof.
Please, take pity on me.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
Mother doesn't make things up.
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
I have a good idea.
The President is back.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should wear.
She had to start saving in October so she could afford to buy Christmas presents for all her family and friends.
Jessica wants a new book.
You don't need 20 captains.
I advocate military action.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
It is illegal to buy and sell tigers and other big cats in the United States.
All the swings are empty.
that's not even how to kill me.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
I can't swim after I drink milk.
A balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
That was last week.
I like geography and science.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
She had a variety of masks.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
The bus went roaring by her window at 6 am.
When you are in your twenties you read Hegel.
Hand me the hammer.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
Options are limited.
I would not want to be in that situation.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
Tom gave Mary an obvious wink.
It's storming outside.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
The box was small and wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
Hairless cats are probably cold a lot.
The Earth is spherical.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
You look so amazing in that red dress and heels.
The dog barked at the cat.
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
He persuaded me to take the job.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
Keep your hands to yourself.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
I didn't realize that the app was an invitation-only kind of thing.
I was already sorry that you had to work with Blake.
She was constantly looking for new jobs.
It's so expensive I want to die.
They’re as different as night and day.
The siblings could help each other.zfh
You ought to do it.
He knows English better than I do.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
My son is a total nightmare.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
I won’t phone my friend till Bob arrives.
She bought a new plant even though she already had too many.
You took out someone you cared for.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
I'm not really a TV watcher.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
On her fifteenth birthday, her mom surprised her with a trip to Portugal.
She’s a walking encyclopedia of scientific facts.
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
He drinks more water than I do.
She cut the covers off of all of her books so people wouldn't want to steal them.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
I get on the bus.
My daughter does the laundry.
She went on a first date with the boy before she realized he was a Marxist.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
Danny drank the juice.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
Any day will do.
Cows eat grass.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
Also, they don’t eat much.
I can be greedy sometimes.
Here he comes to save the day.
Let's go to the mall today.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
I want chocolate.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
You're the best person I know.
I think you have the wrong number.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
We were on the lake yesterday.
She really wanted Panera, but there wasn't a store near her.
Paul gave me a present.
My small pet mouse escaped from his cage.
The delayed train has been an unexpected event today.
There is a dictionary open on the table.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
I plan to weed the yard today.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
Don't even look at me.
Eurasia has a very rich history
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
The room had green wallpaper with yellow flowers all over it.
I can do what you said.
My mom went on vacation and left my dad in charge of the house.
They could be together.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store, but I really need to stop buying things.
You know what I mean.
She cancelled the date last minute because she was so stressed.
Gus and Jack are selling toys outside their house.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
I could help mom around here.
Those apples are very red.
They want to make it bigger.
We can make ice cream.
Nevermind, then.
She was the one that got away.
How beautiful she is.
Yes, every tweet so far has been bad, but scientists are hopeful that one day we will discover a way to make good tweets.
The shower was too hot when I first got into it.
I also did not want to just close it down.
I'll be back tomorrow, and we can decide together then.
She was born to dance.
The Chicago Bulls won six championships.
I am to blame for her death.
She didn't drink, but she didn't want people to realize that, so she ordered a ginger ale at the bar.
There is not much to do in South Carolina other than sit on a beach.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
I suggest you leave here at once.
He reminds me of your brother.
She fell and got a bruise on her thigh that was shaped like Texas.
You make me so happy.
We will walk in the garden later.
I’d be very surprised if that happened.
I wanted a little more than that, to be perfectly honest, Trevor.
They had a very traditional doorbell.
The gang's all her.
She kept getting distracted by her own face in the camera viewfinder.
I spread the map on the table.
He wanted to give his boyfriend a hug, but he was in Slovakia.
We go to a gallery every Sunday.
She found an old piece of paper under the fridge that had writing all over it.
It was a big honor to be asked to give a speech.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
He led them down the mountain.
She started wondering if he was cheating on her when she saw the receipt for an expensive jewelry purchase.
I can’t believe how right I was back then.
I just got hired at this restaurant.
He came to the point at once.
I was taking care of the dog.
It's adorable that you think I like you.
He was born in Tunisia but moved to Amsterdam when he was six.
Shape up or ship out.
The way you said that didn't make sense.
We all want to believe that hot people aren't better than everyone else, but it's surprisingly difficult to justify philosophically.
The girl was wearing a denim jacket over a denim shirt and denim jeans.
Their efforts embarrassed them.
She could do it in her sleep.
It took quite a while.
When her boss didn't respond to her text immediately, she started to panic.
Dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire.
He has been looking for this portal for decades.
I don't mess around with diets; when I'm hungry, I eat.
She had never appreciated radio news shows.
I put on my slippers.
When he decided to investigate the crime, he had no idea he'd learn so much about his family.
She’s headed to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
There’s a good chance it’ll rain tomorrow.
I like crawfish but oysters suck.
That is not a pencil.
Come on down.
Steve doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
They tore up the football field so they could develop the area for a new science wing.
She mixed up the recipes and accidentally made a beef parfait.
Henderson started the American Communist's Club when they were in tenth grade.
There is nothing about the situation I could relate to.
They’ll keep its name and French identity.
The park has a soccer field.
He often wished he was born in a time before social media.
Anakin and Padme belong together.
She thought she wanted to be an editor, until she got a job and realized she hated detail work.
California is in America.
We usually eat our biggest meal of the day at noon.
She had a water bottle with  a built-in water filter.
Paying your rent is not your biggest worry.
Don’t be sad, you're going to the game.
It had been so long since she had seen him, she actually had to check the yearbook to remember his last name.
She was convinced her father was a master chef.
i really enjoyed meeting you guys and experiencing the other side of catering events, but the late hours and insufficient wages deterred me from continuing this job.
I am on a very tight budget.
The movie industry became a big business.
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
I am looking for some pears.
My father is in the office.
I will take you to the movies only if you wait for me outside.
You have some schoolwork to do.
Maybe he was brokering a deal.
We are all in favor of this plan.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he wanted to.
His appearance terrified her and she screamed.
We have a long day tomorrow.
He didn't know who to go as for Halloween.
Stand up straight.
Don’t be nervous.
That is very nice of you to say.
That's it, go to time-out.
The coach smiled at the player who tossed the frisbee.
I'm going to see a movie.
I don't know how to spell a lot of things.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
The cat jumped over the fence.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
My mom drove me to school fifteen minutes late on Tuesday.
There is nobody more powerful than someone who is extremely intelligent but also extremely humble.
My brother’s dog barks a lot.
The wind was strong today in the city.
My hat is cooler than Jim's.
That is a great idea.
I've got other problems.
Sports is one outlet to let off steam.
I like the Wimbledon.
What a big house you have.
Look at the blackboard.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
He didn't know where he was supposed to go for his interview.
There was a big party at Tom's place last weekend.
She has a beautiful smile.
The sirens went off in the middle of the night and woke us all up.
She wants to be stronger, even if that means being meaner.
Skating is so much fun.
You can start from the basic stitches, and go from there.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
She was very tired and frustrated.
She started crying after she finished the song.
It was very disgusting what he did to that pool.
He hung a picture on the wall.
I wonder if she dressed herself as hastily as we did: the room still dark, neither of us awake enough to remember to turn on the light switch, the echo of the telephone bells in our ears.
Europe is old.
The taxes are included in the price.
Tom is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
You're pulling my leg.
Mrs. Lee’s class took a field trip to Austin.
On her birthday, she decided to skip work, and instead got on a plane to Wisconsin.
He got a fantastic performance review.
He’s a bit tipsy.
A skirt can be fancier than jeans.
The key he was interested in was very old.
I'm taking a break from work.
You're already big enough to do it by yourself.
Last weekend, she wanted to go to the wedding, but she wasn't sure it was safe.
Your reputation as an eccentric will rapidly grow in the neighborhood if you’re seen walking a pet ostrich on a leash every morning.
She was always worried that everyone secretly hated her.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
The chickens were running around and pecking worms out of the ground.
She’s the absolute best.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
There've been some big changes made around here recently.
Moving to the next step is daunting.
He does laundry in his basement.
Plenty of sleep is healthful.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
I can’t make up my mind.
The sponge absorbed the water quicker than the towel.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
Those pants are too tight.
I was scared to go to a monster movie, but my dad said he would sit with me, so we went last night.
I've got too much work to do.
Sarah will throw a big party with a lot of music.
I think I can hear a baby crying.
They wrote the specials on the chalkboard in multi-colored chalks.
It is all going to be all right.
We would move to a nicer house if we had more money.
We can go to the museum.
A lovely day isn't it.
Ken's uncle has a chicken farm.
We've been making this recipe for generations.
I was so mad that I yelled at him at the top of my lungs.
Your stance tells me.
You can decide before your flight here on Thursday morning.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's the best.
I was excited to spend time with my wife without being interrupted by kids.
We will make a snowman this winter.
Blood is thicker than water.
The snake in the grass made me jump.
You're making a big fuss about nothing.
It was raining so badly that she skidded on the pavement.
Good heavens you’ve grown.
I broke my phone.
I wouldn’t bet on going to the fair today.
The White House is important.
I am a football fan.
I am going to make my bed first.
He wished that time would pass faster.
She was scared by the earthquake.
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
The Communists are considered bad because they failed in carrying out their ideal of ending inequality.
I prefer to go rather than to stay.
Bigger doesn't always mean better.
When she got her new ID, they hole-punched her old one.
Today is Sunday, which means tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Saturday.
She graduated high school in 2003.
I thought I wanted to work in an office, but now I'm not so sure.
Cry all you want.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
He has quite a few friends.
You're making the biggest mistake of your life.
Michael doesn’t work.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
She often exaggerates certain events to sound cool.
The volume was up too high on the television.
This is the biggest bookstore in town.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
He writes meaningless letters.
He didn't want to go to the party, but he had already said he would go.
Tom is taller than you are.